What could you have done to save your brother’s life?
What book do you read every year on the anniversary of your father’s death?
Why are you the black sheep of your family?
What complicated dish has become your trademark?
What was the first thing you ever stole?
When was the most inappropriate time that you’ve broken out in laughter?
Why don’t you visit museums any more?
What was the last fad you embraced?
You are legendary for what feat that you never actually performed?
What was the last bumper sticker you bought?
Why did you save the old woman instead of the child?
What cliché do you hate to see in movies?
What injury of yours has never healed quite right?
What is your best memory from college?
What have you been meaning to do for months, but never gotten around to?
How many times have you failed the bar exam?
At which game did you consistently beat your siblings?
How did you discover you were a werewolf?
When you were laid off, what skills did you use to make ends meet?
What won’t you even try to do because you’re certain you will fail?
What did the witch woman tell your mother the day you were born?
Why does your little sister follow you wherever you go?
Which of the other characters do you feel you can trust with your secret, and why haven’t you told them yet?
Why have you forgiven the man who tried to flay your son alive?
When the world seems against you, what one thing keeps you going?
Among your many trophies and awards, which is the one you feel you actually earned?
How did you survive your personal discovery that vampires are real?
Why are you nervous whenever you are alone?
What do people automatically assume about you, and how are they often wrong?
If you don’t pay off this debt soon, what do you expect to happen?
Who among the other characters makes you nervous and why?
As a child, what helped you through all those nights alone?
What do you own only because of how it makes others think of you?
Why did you wear turtlenecks for a week last July?
What is the only memento you have still kept from your childhood?
What do you keep doing during interviews that you fear will prolong your unemployed status?
What did your last few breakups have in common?
Why do you feel like you’re not living up to the expectations that come with carrying your grandfather’s sword?
What is your favorite game?
Despite your new lifestyle, what “guilty pleasure” from your past do you still allow yourself?
What one thing do you hope your boss never finds out about?
Why haven’t you spoken to your mother in 5 years, despite the fact that she leaves you a message nearly every night?
Why have you still not eaten the cake the Welcome Wagon brought over when you moved into the neighborhood?
Despite working in a white-collar office, why do you insist on wearing steel-toed shoes?
Why do you have a picture of someone you’ve never met in your wallet?
What song always makes you think of your childhood?
What is that thing, and why haven’t you thrown it away yet?
How did you make it through medical school despite the fact that you are incredibly squeamish?
What important thing did you learn in law school that was never featured in any of your classes?
Why are you proud of your vocation, despite its lowly status?
What nationality won’t you admit to being descended from and why?
What alternative was so gruesome that you chose to engage in self-cannibalism instead?
In your travels, you have learned to speak which three languages?
When you last cleaned out your attic, what couldn’t you bear to throw out?
What nickname has stuck with you since childhood despite your best efforts to erase it?
How can you stand there and act so proud of yourself after what you did to your mother?
What ultra-geeky handle do you use online?
What tool of your trade are you never without?
What are you recovering from and why do you think it is taking so long?
Why are you always picked first when teams are chosen?
What were you doing when you got that stain?
What was the worst thing you ever did as an interrogator for the junta?
Why do you take the train that gets you to work 5 minutes late?
Who suffers every time you invoke a spell?
Where were you when you learned your spouse was cheating on you?
Who didn’t come to your wedding, that you specifically missed?
What was your favorite toy as a child, and why do you still carry it around?
How old were you when you realized you could predict horse races consistently?
How did your father die in front of you?
Why did you give up your dreams of becoming an actor?
Why do you refuse to touch scissors anymore?
Why do you lie about the value of your house?
Why will you never go swimming again?
Where do you hide things you don’t want anyone to find?
What is the one bad habit you just can’t break?
Why haven’t you scattered your sister’s ashes yet?
What is your good luck charm, and how has it saved your life?
Why do you go to art museums, despite the fact that you don’t enjoy art?
What ongoing project of yours never quite gets finished?
Why do you regret quitting your last job?
What have you wanted to say to your door neighbor since he moved in, but haven’t?
Why do you fear for your life every day that you are in the Caliph’s court?
Why are you the first one people turn to in a crisis?
Why has your life not been the same since you escaped from the Big Bad Wolf?
What one day-to-day task do you loathe?
What does it feel like to be powered down?
Why did you build your cottage so far away from the town’s well?
Why don’t you replace those uncomfortable chairs?
Even though your broken leg healed, what activity haven’t you taken up again?
Who forgave you right before they died?
What do you have hidden underneath your bed?
How long have you been driving illegally since your license was suspended?
You’ve battled your alcoholism fairly successfully over the years; why did you have a drink last week?
Why do you feel your last promotion should have gone to someone else?
How did you get your nickname?
Who do you look forward to seeing the most at your high school reunions?
What is still packed in boxes even though you’ve been “moved in” for a year?
What nickname do you give people instead of your given name?
What do you store in the fridge that most people wouldn’t?
What photograph do you keep despite the fact that you can never display it?
Who do you respect yet actively strive to distance yourself from?
Which field of study was your favorite in college, and why didn’t you get your degree in it?
What musical instrument do you regret never learning to play?
What do you feel people notice first about you and how do you de-emphasize it?
How often do you make something up rather than respond “I don’t know” to a question?
What are you planning on doing for income if your business fails?
What does your fiancé call you in bed?
On what bill are you several months delinquent?
Who did you see at the supermarket last week, despite having attended their funeral several years ago?
When did you first get the feeling that there was something slightly strange about the world that no one else noticed?
What do you have over 2000 of?
How are you working to undermine the young king, despite having publicly sworn fealty to him?
Why were you named after your cousin instead of after your grandmother?
How did you manage to get an officer’s commission during the war without ever seeing combat?
In all of your years on the bench, what is the worst trial you’ve presided over?
Why are you planning to leave the country as soon as you can after the Emperor dies?
What are you never without a mug of?
Whose face keeps you awake at night?
Why do you only date people you meet online?
Why have you signed on for this mission, despite not having the recommended qualifications?
What other superhero do you try most to emulate?
Despite generally being a pacifist, what situation always leads you to violence?
What have you done to cope with your speech impediment?
What trick do you use to make strangers comfortable around you?
Why were you pushing to have your uncle sign a Do Not Resuscitate order?
As the years have gone by, you only had one reminder left of your life before the Big Death. What did you trade it for last week?
How might your life be different if you hadn’t driven off in a rage that night?
Why don’t you date women any more?
What happened in your childhood that now makes you hate it when people whisper?
Why do strangers often feel compelled to tell you the intimate details of their lives?
Why do you think you have such control issues?
And what is the real reason?
When you made the pact, you fully understood what it meant, but what has happened since that has made you regret it?
Which little-known actor was the first real ghost you ever saw?
If the headaches are getting so bad, why won’t you see a doctor?
What talent do you have that you rarely get to use in your chosen profession?
What made you think you could ever get away with it, and how in the world did you?
How does your faith give you strength?
In what odd way do you react to rising tensions?
How are you feeling today?
How has your attention to detail saved your life?
Why are you rarely bothered by the things that frustrate most other people?
What is the most important lesson being a single parent has taught you?
What addiction do you hide from your friends?
How did your handyman skills help when you started performing exorcisms?
What is your middle name?
Why do your companions find you indispensable, and how are they wrong?
Why have you begun to question your faith?
How did you win the only brawl you have ever been in?
In what way do you treat Texans differently than everyone else?
What did you build that earned the respect of your friends and neighbors?
How did the bullet hole in your window frame change your life?
When all else is quiet, how do you silence the screaming in your head?
How did you find your way home, the last time you were lost?
When was the last time that you cried?
What is the worst thing you did for money?
How did you earn your adult name?
In what ways has life gotten easier now that you are older?
Because of what medical condition were you unable to participate in sports as a child?
What did you inherit from your father that you never thought that you would use?
Why is that blue stone so special to you?
What is the only thing that helps with those headaches?
Why have you lost your enthusiasm for protests?
Why do you stay up so late, despite your early work schedule?
Where do you go when it all goes wrong?
What lies in Witch’s Valley that scares you so?
Why are you still jealous of your siblings?
Despite not even owning a television, what program do you try to watch as often as you can?
What is the most surprisingly-useful purchase you have made?
Why don’t you swear to God anymore?
What medical condition are you afraid you’ve inherited from your mother?
Why did you lie about your father’s job at the neighborhood Christmas party?
You always wanted to be a fire fighter; what changed your mind?
Why do you prefer long, boring voyages, awake and alone, to suspended animation?
Why have you given up even trying to persuade people that you can see the future?
How do you respond when people assume you are knowledgeable about something you don’t know anything about?
As a warrior in your tribe, you have taken what god’s name?
You’re not a vegetarian, so why don’t you eat chicken?
Why did your parents have to take away your kitten when you were young?
What feat have you never been able to reproduce?
Despite being allergic to it, what food can you just not stay away from?
When was the only time you’ve ever fired a gun?
What relaxation technique do you use when things become too much to bear?
What one sci-fi technology do you wish was real?
How did your aunt die of food poisoning, and why did you escape the same fate?
How did you earn a nemesis in your line of work?
Who do you miss the most from your previous job?
Which loved one was the first zombie you ever killed?
What wrong name do people constantly address you by?